Update timeouts for vUSB (#1262)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/features/virtual-usb.md

6. In this step, you'll establish the connection to your device and start a vUSB test session. This needs to be done in a separate terminal session. This terminal session will only log if a connection is successful or not. During the session with the device(s) the logs can be found in the terminal that you'll have started in the previous step.

  :::note
  **Timeouts:**

>   A vUSB session officially doesn't have a timeout. The only timeout that can be triggered is the timeout of a **manual/live** session that has been opened from method 1 or 2. The reason for this is that a manual/live testing timeout triggers a disconnection of the device and thus closing the already running vUSB session. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A vUSB session officially doesn't have a timeout. The only timeout that can be triggered is the timeout of a **manual/live** session that has been opened from method 1 or 2. The reason for this is that a manual/live testing timeout triggers a disconnection of the device and closes the already running vUSB session. 
```
